From The New York Times, I'm Michael
Barbaro.
>> [music]
>> This is The Daily.
>> In primary elections across the country
starting over the next few weeks,
the Republican Party will test [music]
its voters' appetite for revenge, while
the Democratic Party will test [music]
its voters' appetite for change.
Today, Shane Goldmacher, Lisa Lerer, and
Reid Epstein [music]
on how to understand key elections from
Michigan to Kentucky.
>> [music]
>> It's Tuesday, May 5th.
>> Lisa, Reid, Shane, welcome to the first
midterm election round table of 2026.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Very exciting.
>> Michael, it's great to be here. Okay.
>> [snorts]
>> We're bringing you three together for
this conversation because, arguably, the
most intense phase of the primary season
is about to get underway. Over the next
few weeks, literally starting today,
Tuesday,
Democratic and Republican voters will
start to pick their nominees in races
all the way up and down the ballot, and
on both sides the contests are going to
start to tell us a bigger story about
where the two parties are as they seek
to control
the country's direction in the second
half of the second Trump presidency.
Where do you want to start this
conversation?
>> Well, I think it's helpful to get a
sense of the overall landscape now that
we're less than 6 months out from these
midterms,
and I think it's helpful to start with
Republicans because really, when you
look at these races, it's not a question
of whether these midterms will be bad
for Republicans, it's a question of how
bad they will be.
>> Levels of badness.
>> Levels of badness. And that is because
the president is deeply unpopular. He's
waging a war that is deeply unpopular.
And on economic issues, which was really
a central reason why voters elected the
Trump administration, we have no
indication that voters feel better about
the cost of living of basic goods. In
fact, there's tons of economic data that
shows they feel worse about things like
housing and groceries and gas.
That's for the general election. Before
we get to that point, how the general
election dynamics shake out and the
degree of badness will be shaped by what
happens in these primaries that we're
now about to enter the heaviest period
of.
>> I mean, look, when I've been talking
with Republican strategists, what they
say about this sort of really bad moment
for the party, the best thing is that it
still may, that there are many months
until October and then November when the
voters actually cast ballots for whether
it's a Democrat or Republican this fall.
Their frustration has been that Donald
Trump has not been focused on turning
the tide on the issues that are going
against the Republican Party.
>> Right. In fact, he's been anything but
focused as as Maggie Haberman and
Jonathan Swan told us about a week and a
half or so ago, he's a pretty actively
disinterested.
>> Yeah, instead what he's focused on in
the upcoming elections in these
primaries is a revenge tour. When you
look at a suite of races in May, I mean,
these are a pretty remarkable set of
primaries where President Trump has laid
out one singular criteria, will you be
loyal to him? And if you have crossed
him before and not done his bidding, he
wants you out and he wants people in,
some of whom he has personally
recruited, who he believes once in
office will vote lockstep with him into
the future. And you can see that best in
three states, Indiana, Kentucky, and
Louisiana.
>> And Shane, of this suite of Republican
primaries you just mentioned,
where do you want to begin?
>> I think you should start with the races
that are on Tuesday in Indiana. And this
is really an unusual level of campaign
for a president to be involved in. We're
not talking about congressional
primaries or US Senate primaries. We're
talking about more [clears throat] than
a half dozen state senators in Indiana
whom Donald Trump is trying to get out
of office. And the reason he is opposed
to them is that they refused to go along
with his effort to redistrict the state
and carve up two Democratic seats last
fall.
And in his frustration, he said,
"Everyone who opposed this needs to be
voted out."
>> had one gentleman, the head of the
Senate, I guess, Bray, whatever his name
is.
I heard he was against it. He probably
loses next primary, whenever that is. I
hope he
>> And that was eight Republican state
senators, one of whom retired, and the
other seven, he and his political team
and his allies, they've recruited
they've funded, they've run ads
>> I'll certainly support anybody that
wants to go against it.
>> entirely to basically exact vengeance on
people who refused to go along with what
Donald Trump wanted last fall.
>> Reid, just to remind folks what happened
that was so offensive to Trump in
Indiana. He asked the Indiana state
legislature to redraw that state's maps
in order to pick up a couple more
Republican seats, which inevitably means
delete Democratic seats. And under
normal circumstances,
Republican-controlled legislatures have
performed that role for Trump.
>> Well, they did it in Texas, in Missouri,
in North Carolina. Indiana was one place
where the Republican leaders in the
state Senate resisted Trump's effort.
>> Why?
>> I mean, they objected on political and
moral grounds, right? They didn't think
it was the right thing to do. They
didn't think it was good for their
politics, and they didn't want to be
seen taking orders from Donald Trump in
Washington in the Indiana State House.
>> So, this was a rare moment where
Republicans out in the world said, "No."
to President Trump in the Indiana State
Legislature.
>> That's exactly right. And in some ways,
I think that incident underscores the
potential political peril that
Republicans now face. Part of the reason
they said no is that redistricting was
unpopular with their voters, including
with Republican voters. And in the
polling we saw, which was limited
because this is, you know, a State House
issue, what voters said is they would
prefer that their representatives in the
State House focus on cost of living
issues. And instead, they were forced to
have this whole dust-up over
redistricting.
>> Not important to Indiana voters.
>> Not only is it not important, Indiana
voters said, "We actually don't like
this." And now, they're caught in these
very expensive races against the
president over this issue that voters
didn't really want in the first place. I
think it is worth dwelling for a brief
second on the money. Normally, a race
like this, a State House race, you're
talking $150,000,
$200,000, maybe.
We're now seeing millions of dollars
flood into these races,
which is really unusual.
>> Shane, give me one example of an Indiana
State lawmaker who Trump has decided to
go after, and the opponent that he, as
you said, hand-picked in order to try to
take that lawmaker out in these races.
>> Yeah, so one of the people that's being
targeted I spoke with recently named
Senator Travis Holdman, and his
complaint is basically, "Look, they're
dumping millions of dollars into these
races, and you know what they're not
spending money on? Targeting the lone
vulnerable Democrat in Indiana who is on
his way to skating toward re-election.
So, instead of actually spending money
to beat that Democrat at the ballot box,
they're spending money to punish
Republicans who refused to redraw that
district out from under him.
The recruiting efforts here have been
scattershot at times. One of the
challengers to one of these state
senators was endorsed by Donald Trump
before announcing his campaign,
announced his campaign, then withdrew a
couple weeks later, had second thoughts,
flew to Washington, met with Donald
Trump, took a picture with him behind
the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office,
and then jumped back into the race. So,
look, this has really become a test for
Trump of his power within the party, and
he knows his power in the country is
directly related to how loyal the
Republicans have been to him for the
last 10 years, and he wants to give no
inches even down at the state
legislative level.
>> Right. And I just want to make clear
why, even though this is, of course, a
bunch of state lawmakers, this has huge
impact on who controls Congress. We just
had a Supreme Court decision weakening
the Voting Rights Act that has unleashed
a new wave of redistricting battles
across the country,
and Trump is basically saying to future
state Republican lawmakers who might
think twice about complying with his
desire to redistrict, "If you do that, I
will take you out." Which I'm going to
guess means that in any of the states
that the president now wants to
redistrict ahead of this year's
midterms, Republicans are going to see
what's happening in Indiana, and they're
going to be very likely to redistrict
exactly the way the president wants and
make this a structurally harder election
for Democrats than it might have been
before.
>> It's also a bit unusual because I don't
think it just sends a message to these
state legislatures, right? It sends a
message to Republicans in the Senate and
the House, and typically midterms for
the party in power, midterms in a
president's first year, they always lose
seats. That's just what's happened 18
out of the 20 of the past midterms, you
know, they've lost seats. And what
presidents sometimes do in that
situation, knowing that they're likely
to lose seats, is give their members of
Congress from their own party a little
wiggle room to break with them on
certain issues so they can get that
political distance and perhaps convince
voters that they're more independent and
that they that voters can cast a ballot
for them even if they don't like the
party in power. And what Trump is
effectively saying here is he is going
to give Republicans in the House and in
the Senate very little wiggle room.
>> So, Reed, what is the next race we
should talk about where revenge is on
the ballot and Trump is trying to
exercise his power in these primaries?
>> Well, the next race is in Kentucky where
the primary's in a couple weeks and one
of the incumbent congressman named
Thomas Massie
has been a bit of a thorn in Trump's
side for a while.
He's a very conservative Republican,
but he has opposed Trump on things like
the big beautiful bill, on the Epstein
files, now on the Iran war, and Trump
and his political team recruited an
opponent for him in the primary, a
former Navy SEAL named Ed Gallrein, and
Trump recently traveled to Kentucky to
campaign against Massie.
>> Thomas Massie
is a disaster for our party.
>> He has done a lot of posting on social
media about Massie.
>> He's got one thing going, he went to a
good college,
but I know a lot of stupid people that
went to a good college.
>> Calls him a loser, a disaster. I mean,
he's very unsparing the way Trump talks
about Congressman Massie.
>> And Massie, I think he told our friend
Shane here that he agrees with Trump on
90% of the things and has pushed back on
10% and to Trump that's not good enough.
>> I mean, Massie really stands alone among
Republicans running for re-election
being vocally critical of Donald Trump.
>> Well, you know, I vote with my party 91%
of the time and which means
>> made reference to this. Yes, he votes
with him 90% of the time, but he's like
mocking him.
>> When they're protecting pedophiles, when
they are blowing our budget,
uh when they are starting wars overseas,
I'm sorry, I can't go along with that.
And and
>> says, "Look, if they're bankrupting the
country or covering up for pedophiles or
starting another war or spying on you
without a warrant, I'm sorry, that's
when I deviate from the party." He takes
some joys in mocking the Trump
administration when he disagrees with
him.
>> Even the the most ardent Trump
supporters understand sometimes he gets
bad advice. Sometimes
>> we're talking about about making an
example, he's explicit about that. He
sees his race as an opportunity for
others in the party to maybe step out
when they do disagree with Donald Trump.
And so the stakes are beyond an
extremely safe Republican primary seat,
it's about will the party continue to
side with Trump even when they quietly
disagree with him.
>> Right. In fact, I spoke to him about
this on the hill during the Epstein
documents release.
He would like to make the point that
there can be, should be, and will be a
space to criticize this president, and
he wants to be the guy there holding
that umbrella up in the air.
>> 100%.
>> The thing to add to that is like his
predecessors in this space of
Republicans who have made a lot of hay
in criticizing Trump from Congress,
those folks tend not to have long
careers in Congress. Liz Cheney, Adam
Kinzinger,
Don Bacon from Nebraska is retiring this
year.
>> Marjorie Taylor Greene.
>> Marjorie Taylor Greene, they can get a
lot of attention, they do a lot of cable
TV, and then they get voted out.
>> Okay. Finally,
on the Republican side, there's the
president's efforts to oust a foe in
Louisiana. Shane, can you quickly tell
us what's happening
there?
>> Yeah, this is Senator Bill Cassidy,
who's actually quite different than
Massie. Cassidy is running for
re-election despite having voted to
convict Donald Trump of impeachment in
after the riot at the Capitol. And
Cassidy had made a lot of efforts to get
closer to Donald Trump ahead of this
re-election bid.
>> To a tone.
>> To a tone, right? He has crossed him and
he is a physician and he and he has been
opposed at times to RFK and his vaccine
skepticism, but ultimately he voted to
confirm Kennedy as HHS secretary.
>> Right.
>> But
the original sin of voting to convict
Donald Trump of impeachment is not
something that the president has
forgotten and so he has endorsed a
primary challenger to Cassidy, a
congresswoman named Julia Letlow. And
even so, Cassidy has not run as an
anti-Trump Republican. Cassidy's touting
his credentials and what he's done to
pass the president's agenda in the
Senate. So, Louisiana is a little
different in that it is not a test of is
there real anti-Trump sentiment in the
party, but it is a test can Trump punish
again somebody who has crossed him.
>> And from where I sit this race seems
important because the Senate has been,
and this is all relative, the last
holdout when it comes to unconditional
loyalty to Trump as an institution.
Now, that doesn't mean it hasn't backed
a lot of his agenda, but it has
counseled him at times to drop a
nominee. It has put up some resistance
here and there and so I wonder if taking
out Cassidy does help us understand what
seems inevitably to be the complete
magnification
of not just the House, which has gone
very far to the right, but also
eventually the Senate.
>> I mean, we have been moving there slowly
over time and I don't think it's going
to be happening suddenly, but if you
look at how willing the Senate was to
break with Trump when he first won, when
Mitch McConnell was outspokenly
critical, to now, it's a pretty big
shift.
>> Mhm. When I look at all these Republican
primary races from Indiana to Louisiana,
I'm struggling to see any real risk for
the president in intervening in these
primaries. His picks overall in
Republican primaries, they tend to do
really well. These are red states where
the winner of the primary, if it's his
pick, almost certainly goes on to win
the general election.
There's not really competition from the
Democrats. So,
what's the downside here?
>> I mean, there's the risk, of course, of
losing, right? When you are spending
your political capital trying to impose
a loyalty test, if you are unsuccessful,
if Casti somehow wins re-election,
then you've lost the ability to impose
discipline on your own party. So, there
are always risks to intervening, but
look, for the last 10 years, Donald
Trump's record has been pretty darn
strong in Republican primaries.
>> Well, I think you're right. There's no
real direct political risk, but I do
think there's a risk when you're less
than 6 months out from what is, you
know, broadly expected to be a very
competitive midterm. And part of the
risk is we are here sitting talking
about these primary races where the
president is trying to extract
>> a pound of flesh.
>> Yeah, right. Instead of issues that are
more top of mind for voters, like cost
of living concerns, or even, you know,
how the war in Iran will wind down. So,
I do think in some ways it's a
distraction from these other issues that
voters care a lot more about.
>> It's also a distraction from other races
that are competitive general election
contests, right? He's not talking about
defeating Jon Ossoff, the Georgia
senator who's up for re-election.
He's in these races that are sort of
mostly safe Republican seats, trying to
exert control of the party as opposed to
concerning himself with which party will
control the House and Senate in the
fall.
>> [music]
>> All right, we're going to take a quick
after which we will discuss the
Democratic side
of these primaries.
>> Wait, can I say we'll be right back?
I've never gotten to say that before.
>> Sure, Reed, you can say it.
>> [music]
>> We'll be right back.
>> Welcome back, Lisa, Shane, and Reed.
Lisa, I'm going to ask you to talk us
through the marquee Democratic primaries
that are unfolding over the next few
months, and what you think the big story
is of those contests.
>> Well, look, Democrats came out of their
2024 defeat, which was very devastating
for the party, with a real sense that
they were a party in crisis. And poll
after poll reinforces that you just see
large swaths of Democratic voters saying
that they don't like their own party,
they don't know what their party stands
for, and this is a party that really is
in the wilderness. And I think you see
those divides in the party playing out
in a couple of really big fronts in
contested primaries across the country.
There's debates over generational
change. I think there's a real sense in
the party grassroots that they need new
leaders. And while the party is unified
over fighting President Trump, there's
real divides over how to do it, what
strategies to use, and how fiercely to
oppose every single element of this
Trump administration.
>> Right. Sounds like you're saying bad
news for Republicans, which seems sort
of inevitable in these midterms, Lisa,
like you said, does not necessarily
guarantee good news for Democrats who
are themselves in the middle of their
latest existential identity crisis.
>> And I think that identity crisis just
exploded in Maine, where you had this
primary between Governor Janet Mills,
>> Honestly, [music] if this president and
this Congress were doing things that
were even remotely acceptable, I
wouldn't be running for the U.S. Senate.
>> But when she
>> a two-term governor, an
eighth-generation Mainer,
the pick of Chuck Schumer, who's the
Democratic leader in the Senate.
>> The establishment candidate.
>> Yes, the establishment candidate and a
very well-known brand in Maine
Democratic politics.
>> My life's work has prepared me for this
fight, [music]
and I'm ready to win. This election will
be a simple choice. Is Maine going to
bow down or stand up?
I know my answer.
>> [music]
>> And she was facing a very fierce
challenge from Grant Plathner.
>> What I love most about Maine are the
people. I have never met people who are
more hardscrabble, even in a place that
requires you to work like two or three
different jobs. We have watched this
state become essentially unlivable for
working-class people, and uh it makes me
deeply angry.
My name is Grant Plathner, and I'm
running for U.S. Senate in Maine.
>> Who's a total political unknown. The
only elective office he's ever held was
being chair of the planning committee
for his thousand-person town in coastal
Maine. He's an oysterman. He's
fashioning himself as a working-class
candidate who understands authentically
the kind of economic struggles we've
been talking about that many voters
face.
And poll after poll just showed Plathner
blowing Mills out of the water, just
leading her by 20 points, by 30 points.
And basically, I headed up to Maine for
a four-day reporting trip on this
primary, and as I was headed to the
airport on the end of this trip, the
news broke that Janet Mills was not even
going to go to the primary, that she was
dropping out of the race. The reason she
gave was that she had simply run out of
money to run an effective campaign
against Plathner. But there was also a
sense that he was unbeatable for her in
in that I think really reflects what the
Democratic Party base wants right now.
>> Right, this all just happened in the
past week or so that you were actually
in Maine and that Mills dropped out and
it felt like this political earthquake
in the middle of the primary season
because Maine is not just any state in
these midterms. It's one of the few
states where Democrats think they could
flip a seat currently held by a
Republican senator and help them win
control of the Senate this fall. And for
Democratic leaders,
it's been very bracing Mills dropping
out because they are very anxious about
Graham Platner.
>> They are. Look, this is someone who has
a pretty long documented history of very
controversial comments online. After he
served as a combat soldier in
Afghanistan and Iraq, Platner said that
he was suffering from PTSD and anxiety
and depression. He was drinking too much
and he took to Reddit and posted a lot
of comments that one would think would
be very objectionable to Democratic
voters. He used disparaging language
about race and gender and sexuality. He
questioned reporting rape in the
military. And beyond all his comments,
it also was revealed that he had a
tattoo on his chest for 20 years that
was a Nazi insignia which he said he
didn't know what it was at the time.
He's gotten it covered up. But these are
a number of issues that one would think
would be almost disqualifying in a
Democratic primary, but I the fury at
the party establishment is so great that
Democratic voters in Maine appeared
willing to take a chance on this
untested
candidate rather than stick with their
two-term Democratic governor.
>> Reid, I want to represent the Democratic
establishment's view of what just
happened in Maine. It begins with the
Democratic Party leadership including
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer saying,
we know what works in a general
election.
And [snorts] what we know is that the
slightly more milk toast candidate,
Governor Janet Mills, can win statewide
and Mills has been vetted and we know
her risks and you all, the angry base,
you want to pick someone who's not
vetted and that means that you may be
consigning us to losing this general
election. Why would you do that? Pick
someone safe.
>> And that has been the Schumer MO for
almost 20 years. And what we are hearing
from voters, from candidates, from
sitting senators is that they don't want
this anymore. And some of them are
coming out so far and saying like they
don't want Schumer to be the leader of
the party in the Senate anymore.
>> Mhm.
>> He is in his 70s and he certainly does
not present as somebody who is a man of
the moment, right? He famously carries a
flip phone, he has his glasses down at
the end of his nose. Like he's not
somebody who kind of fits the moment
that Democrats believe that they're in
that requires maximum opposition to what
Trump is doing.
>> I was just saying nothing wrong with
having the glasses near the end of your
nose.
>> [snorts]
>> There is also something more existential
going on here as well, I think. And I've
when I talk to some of these senators
who are concerned about how Schumer is
leading the party part of what they say
to me is that we don't know actually
what makes for the best Democratic
candidate in this moment. And we rather
than put a finger on the scale
>> Let it happen.
>> Yeah, to sort of pick the person who
traditionally would have prevailed in a
general election, let's let the voters
decide and let's let our voters, these
Democratic voters, guide the party into
the future.
>> Shane, where else are we seeing the
framework that we just talked through in
Maine playing out in these Democratic
primaries?
>> I think now the marquee Democratic
primary is going to be in the Michigan
Senate race, where you have three
different candidates that sort of
represent three very different paths
that the Democratic Party could go going
forward. And they are running against a
Republican who almost won last time. So,
a candidate who has cleared the primary
field while they have this ugly race
between these three candidates. On the
left, you have Abdul El-Sayed. He is a
sort of outspoken progressive and
running on this idea that the way to to
win voters even in a swing state now is
to lean in to progressivism.
On the other side of the spectrum,
you've got a congresswoman Haley
Stevens, who's a moderate. And you know,
she's saying the way to win these races
is the way you've usually won these
races, by running to the middle, and I'm
the kind of candidate who can do that.
She's not been formally backed by Chuck
Schumer, but there's been lots of
chatter that the Schumer world would
like Haley Stevens to be the nominee.
And then you sort of have a third option
in Mallory McMorrow, who is a state
senator and has been sort of a fixture
on cable news, is a very good
communicator, and she said, "I'm not
quite as left as El-Sayed on these
issues. I'm not quite as right as Haley
Stevens on other issues, but by the way,
I'm absolutely opposed to Chuck Schumer
remaining a Senate leader." Using that
as a sort of leverage point in a primary
to sell herself.
>> And I think the other thing that's
important about Michigan here is like
Maine, this is a place where Republicans
feel that they have a strong candidate.
They're putting up Mike Rogers, a former
FBI agent, a former US representative
who narrowly lost his last Senate run in
2024. And a lot of how he runs, and how
fiercely he attacks his opponent,
depends who that opponent ends up being.
I think when Republicans look at the
political landscape and all the
obstacles that they face, the one area
where strategists are slightly hopeful
is their ability to run against the
Democratic brand and paint Democrats as
they have successfully in 2024 as out of
touch with the sort of mainstream
American voters, you know, too liberal
or disconnected. And so these
controversies in the past of candidates
like Platner give them potential fodder
to run on that kind of a message.
>> Does it or do these outsider authentic
flawed candidates
make it harder for Republicans to run
against the Democratic brand because
these people are themselves kind of
running against
the Democratic brand?
I mean, [snorts] we don't know yet,
right? We don't know which particular
issues the Republicans are going to pick
up on, right? Are they going to pick up
on some old Reddit post from Graham
Platner? Or are they going to run
against him on an ideological issue that
he's a Bernie Sanders and out of touch
with the average main voter? We don't
know yet how they're going to campaign
against these candidates. What we do
know is that the Democrats are going to
have a hard time winning the Senate, and
in order to win the Senate, they
basically have to win all of these
races, right? They have to just hold the
two vulnerable seats they have up, and
then they have to flip four Senate
seats. So Graham Platner in Maine would
only be one of them, and the other three
would be even harder. They'd all have to
be in states that Trump has won every
single time he's been on the ballot. And
so the high-wire act for the Democratic
Party is, okay,
if you lose any of these people,
there's basically no shot at winning the
Senate this year.
>> You know, we've seen in Democratic
primaries in past years
when candidates have sort of said things
online or in person that they regret
heading into elections, that the attacks
on them play very differently in
Democratic primaries than they do in
general elections. The Democratic
primary voters tend to be pretty
high-information voters. At least in
Maine, they knew these things about
Graham Plathner before Janet Mills put
them in television ads, and the ones who
are supporting Plathner had decided they
didn't care about them. Now, that
picture will be very different in a
general election, where the electorate
is much bigger, you have more sort of
independent voters involved, and the
attacks on him will be much sharper and
more enduring when coming from the
broader Republican political apparatus
than they've been in the primary.
>> Mhm. Just to wrap up this conversation,
it feels like the universal theme across
all these primaries is anger.
Trump's got his anger at his opponents,
he wants to take them out. He hopes that
will lead to more favorable
congressional maps in the midterms.
Democrats are trying to figure out how
to handle the anger among their voters,
and whether to respond to it by picking
angry candidates angry at the
establishment. So, how are you thinking
about which of these angers might
prevail?
>> I mean, I think if you're a betting
person, betting on Donald Trump's anger
aligning with the anger of voters has
been a good bet in Republican primaries
for a really long time. There's not a
record of this level of anger in
Democratic primaries, right?
>> For years and years, Democrats looked up
to Nancy Pelosi, right? She's an icon.
They're not happy with the Democratic
leadership now in a way that is new and
different, and we are not sure how
that's going to play out both in the
primaries and then eventually in the
bigger fight, which is the general
election, and whether that translates
into candidates that are stronger or
weaker or compelling or not. There's a
big fight in the party about even what
to stand for at all this year. Can you
just be anti-Trump? And is that anger is
tapping into the voters' anger here
actually the way to win this year? Not
to be angry at your own party, but to
tap into the anger at what's happening
in the country and present people
like that to get back power.
>> And I also think it underscores that as
much as we've been saying that these
midterms favor Democrats, that all the
atmospherics favor Democrats, there is
this deep measure of unpredictability
in both parties. When voters are this
angry, it can be really hard to
>> [music]
>> sort of cast out how they're going to
behave and who they're going to punish.
>> [music]
>> Well, Lisa, Shane Reed,
thank you very much.
>> Thank you, Michael.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks for having us.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know today.
On Monday, [music]
the four-week old ceasefire in the
Middle East appeared to falter.
Shortly after the United States
announced it had guided [music] two
American ships through the Strait of
Hormuz,
Iran launched missiles and drones
against American warships and commercial
vessels.
None of the Iranian attacks were
successful, [music]
but the US said it sank six Iranian
speedboats that threatened American
ships.
At the same time, [music]
Iran launched attacks against the United
Arab Emirates, according to officials
there, striking a major oil storage
zone.
It's unclear for now
>> [music]
>> whether the Iranian attacks mean that
the war has now resumed.
Today's episode was produced [music] by
Caitlyn O'Keefe and Nina Feldman.
It was edited by Rachel [music] Quester
and MJ Davis Lynn
and contains music by Alicia [music]
Bhatia and Dan Powell.
Our theme music is by Wonderly. This
episode was engineered by Alyssa Moxley.
>> [music]
[music]
>> That's it for The Daily.
I'm Michael Barbaro.
>> [music]
>> See you tomorrow.